---
title: 0.27.0.1
parent: Release Notes
---

# Version 0.27.0.1 Release Notes

Below are the highlights to the latest release.  Please review the release notes on [Github](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/releases/tag/release%2F0.27.0.1) for references to bug fixes.

- New Documentation Site for Summit Events (you're on it right now!)
- Additional Questions Object that facilitates event registration questions for the registrant and guests registrants. [Learn More](https://sfdo-community-sprints.github.io/summit-events-app-documentation/docs/advanced-features/custom-questions/)
- Additional Questions page displays additional questions for the registrant.
- Guest Registrant page allows registrant to add multiple guest registrants.
- Snowfackery recipe for Education accounts in scratch org.
- Payment gateway picklist that allows SEA to hook to a page outside it's package for payment processing.
- Label fields added to event object for user changeable wording of previously hard-coded labels on visual force pages.
- Visualforce page for email letterhead and org-wide email selection has been updated and now is included at the top of the email object layout. Event admins still have to create the record first before the visualforce page can be displayed.
- Unit tests of new features (question object and guest registration) now have full coverage in namespaced environment.
- Updated Page Layout on the Summit Events object for a better user experience.

## Known Issues

### [#410 - Upgrading removes Default Label on Existing Event Records](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/410)
**Summary**

When Upgrading from .26 to .27.0.1, one of the new features is the ability to control field labels on the standard questions. Because of the new feature, the existing event records don't automatically have the default field labels which are identified at the time of Event record creation.

**Reproduce**

1. Create a new Event prior to upgrading Summit Events
2. Upgrade .26 to .27.0.1
3. Review the recently or exisiting event record
4. Go to the Field Labels

**Workaround**
1. Import the default fields via dataloader or Import Wizard with a Event Records.
2. [Summit.Events.Default.Field.Labels.csv template](https://github.com/SFDO-Community-Sprints/summit-events-app-documentation/files/8847091/Summit.Events.Default.Field.Labels.csv)
3. Create a report with Event Ids
4. Add Event ID to the template and copy down all of the default field label.
5. Utilizing Dataloader or Import Wizard



### [#413 - Global Picklist Values on Question Object](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/413)
**Summary**

Global Picklists are not accessible when the custom question is set to a picklist field type and a Registrant Type of "Registrant".

**Reproduce**

1. Create a custom question with a field type of "Picklist".
2. Set the Registrant Type to "Registrant"
3. Select an "Existing Pikclist Value" where the picklist has a Global Value Set associated to it
4. Try to see the page on when registering.

**Workaround**

Current workaround is to create a custom picklist on the question record that matches the list you're trying to offer.



### [#414 - Registrant Type = "Registrant and Guest"](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/414)
**Summary**

When Registrant Type has a value of "Registrant and Guest", it does not offer the additional questions page in addition to the guest registrant page.

**Reproduce**

1. Create a Custom Question record with an Registrant Type of "Registrant and Guest"
2. Complete the rest of the fields for the Registrant to be able to answer the custom question on the Additional Question page.
3. Be sure the Event record is display Guest to test that this works for Guest Registrations.
4. Notice the skipped pages.

**Workaround**

Create Registrant and Guest questions seperately by using the "clone" button while on your originally created record and  change the Registrant Type on the cloned record so you have dual records focused on difference audiences.
