---
title: 0.35.0.1
parent: Release Notes
---

# Version 0.35.0.1 Release Notes (Note: 34.0.1 was skipped)

These release notes are broken down into multiple parts, Functional Features, Updates and Bug Fixes and Technical Features, Updates and Bug Fixes 
> - **Important Items and Upgrade Action Steps** are things you should read to determine if your org needs to take an action prior to upgrading or what post upgrade steps need to be taken.
> - **Known Issues** highlights issues we recognize not functioning as expected and will be working to fix in the next release.
> - **Functional Features, Updates and Bug Fixes** captures everything in the release that have a direct impact on the Registrant or Event Manager experience. These are features or functionality utilized and noticed as part of the Summit Events App
> -  **Technical Features, Updates and Bug Fixes** captures everything in the release that are withing the codebase. They impact the functionality and features of the Summit Events App, but aren't likely noticeable from an Admin or Event Manager perspective.
> - **Issues Closed** is a comprehesive list of Github issues (Bugs and Feature Requests) that are closed as part of this release.


## Important Items and Upgrade Action Steps

* No signifigant items or actions steps related to this release.

### Page Layouts and Picklists to Update Post Installation/Upgrade
The following Lightning Layouts and Page Layouts may need to be updated to expose new fields leveraging new functionality/updates. Below we're sharing the API name, which has a matching label:

* Layout: Summit Events Lightning Record Page Layout
  * Add Ask_Dietary_Restrictions__c to the Standard Options & Label tab
  * Add Dietary_Restrictions_Label__c to the Standard Options & Label tab
  * Add Ask_Accessibility_Needs__c to the Standard Options & Label tab
  * Add Accessibility_Detail_Label__c to the Standard Options & Label tab
  * Add Accessibility_Label__c to the Standard Options & Label tab
  * (Optional) Add reCAPTCHA__c to the Add'l Configuration and Options tab
  * (Optional) Add reCAPTCHA_v3_Score_Fail_Text__c to the Add'l Configuration and Options tab

---
## Known Issues
* None known as part of this release at this time

---
## Functional Features, Updates and Bug Fixes

### Added the ability to use Google reCaptcha v3 (Resolves [#527](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/527))
There have been a number of reports of bots completing the registration form, creating bad data in organizations Salesforce Orgs. This was particularly noted when event registrations were a part of marketing initiatives that involved social media and paid advertisements. To solve for this, Summit Events now includes the ability to leverage Google reCaptcha to detect and restrict potential bots from completing the registration form. This is done through Googles reCaptcha v3, which is a score based model (meaning someone doesn't have to guess what image has a bike in it) and that score will be recorded on the registration record, should it get submitted. Instructions on how to set this up are [available on the documentation site](https://sfdo-community-sprints.github.io/summit-events-app-documentation/docs/advanced-features/recaptcha/)

### Added new standard question about dietary restrictions and accessibility needs (Resolves [#556](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/556))
The Summit Events App team was provided meaningful feedback from various schools and organizations about adding standard questions that are highly common with event management and registration experiences. While the team has created the ability for any organization to [create any number of custom questions](https://sfdo-community-sprints.github.io/summit-events-app-documentation/docs/advanced-features/custom-questions/), a strong case was made to add standard fields to capture Dietary Restriction and Accessibility accommodations. These fields will operate similar to that of other standard questions (such as Title or Date of Birth) and include the ability to change the label as well as capture additional details. These standard fields have a native mapping to the Summit Event Registration object and will appear on the first page of the registration experience.  

### Event Closed logic updated to also look at the Event Record (Resolves [#576](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/576))
In Summit Events, when the Registration Date has passed on the Instance or the Instance Status was Inactive, Cancelled or Closed, the "Event Closed Display Text" would appear to the registrant. If there is an event with multiple instances, one would have to go and updated each instance individual or from a List View. To simplify the experience, the "Event Closed Display Text" and associated page the registrant sees now considers the Summit Event object status. If All Instance are intended to be Closed or Cancelled, an Event Manager can change the Event record status to Closed or Cancelled and the appropriate page will display for any active and live links accessible to registrants.

---
## Technical Features, Updates and Bug Fixes

### Updated to Salesforce API 61.1 (Summer 24)
This doesn't really impact users in how the tool works. We just like to keep things updated as much as possible!

### "Event_Guest_Submit_List_Label__c.field-meta.xml" typo from "registred" to "registered"
Spelling can be hard sometimes and it's easy to overlook Help Text and Field Descriptions.  See a typo? [Let us know](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/new/choose)

### createPicklistsFromStrings is the method that removes "/" using a regex expression in SummitEventsShared class. The update is about adding "/" into the expression to ignore it
Users who had a picklist item with a "/" were having it removed. You can now add a picklist values that include the "/" for when you're looking to create clarity or alignment to your other data points

### Updated look of apex messages on top of visualforce pages 
If you've seen an apex error in Summit Events, you know it needed some love...

### Fixed failing assert of SummitEventsFeed API test. Compare query was updated to match how the feed query works
The Summit Events App team takes quite a bit of time and effort to ensure the solution meets all of Salesforce's standards. While we could have packaged with failing tests, we wanted to ensure there is confidence and trust in the application so appropraite steps were made to resolve the issue with the failing tests in an appropriate way.

### Fixed a namespace test for additional questions. A namespaced was applied to the Existing_Picklist_Value__c field which doesn't contain a namespace, but rather deals with the namespace in code
The Summit Events App is accessible outside of the AppExchange and some organizations have opted to install the code themselves. This means we need to be mindful of the code when it's not within the package. While this was in a test class (in our effort to ensure all test pass), it was due to how the pacakge it managed before and after packaging. 

---
## [Issues Closed](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
- [#527](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/527): Capabilities for reCaptcha on Registration Page (to control for Bots)
- [#556](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/556): Standard Fields for Accommodations and Dietary Restrictions
- [#576](https://github.com/SFDO-Community/Summit-Events-App/issues/576): Closed/Cancelled Event Record (compared to Instance) Event Closed Display Text should appear
